Add pinot docs for HyperLogLogPlus (#270)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: users/user-guide-query/how-to-handle-unique-counting.md

* **DistinctCountHLL**(x)\_ -> LONG\_

> For column type **INT**/**LONG**/**FLOAT**/**DOUBLE**/**STRING** , Pinot treats each value as an individual entry to add into HyperLogLog Object, then compute the approximation by calling method _**cardinality()**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For column type **INT**/**LONG**/**FLOAT**/**DOUBLE**/**STRING**, Pinot treats each value as an individual entry to add into HyperLogLog Object, and then computes the approximation by calling method _**cardinality()**.
```

For column type **BYTES**, Pinot treats each value as a serialized HyperLogLog Object with pre-aggregated values inside. The bytes value is generated by `org.apache.pinot.core.common.ObjectSerDeUtils.HYPER_LOG_LOG_SER_DE.serialize(hyperLogLog)`.

> All deserialized HyperLogLog object will be merged into one then calling method _**cardinality()** to get the approximated unique count._

Reviewer: to verify, can there be multiple object here, or is Object a proper term in the context of HyperLogLog? (see it's capitalized in line 29)

Reviewer: would rephrasing as follows be accurate?:

All deserialized HyperLogLog objects are merged into one, and then Pinot calls the _**cardinality()** method to get the approximated unique count.

Author: i am ok with both this line or the original statement. actually i only made a small change to fix the format of this line.

### HyperLogLogPlusPlus

The [HyperLogLog++](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperLogLog) algorithm proposes several improvements in the HyperLogLog algorithm to reduce memory requirements and increase accuracy in some ranges of cardinalities.

> * 64-bit hash function is used instead of the 32 bits used in the original paper. This reduces the hash collisions for large cardinalities allowing to remove the large range correction.

Reviewer: in the original algorithm?

Reviewer: would this be accurate:
This reduces the hash collisions for large cardinalities, removing the large range correction.

Author: the wiki link for HyperLogLog https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperLogLog, it has a section pointing to HyperLogLog++ algorithm. the rephrase looks ok.

* Some bias is found for small cardinalities when switching from linear counting to the HLL counting. An empirical bias correction is proposed to mitigate the problem.

> * A sparse representation of the registers is proposed to reduce memory requirements for small cardinalities, which can be later transformed to a dense representation if the cardinality grows.

Reviewer: is proposed >> is implemented?

Pinot leverages [HyperLogLogPlus Class](https://github.com/addthis/stream-lib/blob/master/src/main/java/com/clearspring/analytics/stream/cardinality/HyperLogLogPlus.java) in library `com.clearspring.analytics:stream:2.7.0`as the data structure to hold intermediate results.

Functions:

* **DistinctCountHLLPlus**(*\<HllPlusColumn>*)\_ -> LONG\_
* **DistinctCountHLLPlus**(*\<HllPlusColumn>, \<p>*)\_ -> LONG\_
* **DistinctCountHLLPlus**(*\<HllPlusColumn>, \<p>, \<sp>*)\_ -> LONG\_

> For column type **INT**/**LONG**/**FLOAT**/**DOUBLE**/**STRING** , Pinot treats each value as an individual entry to add into HyperLogLogPlus Object, then compute the approximation by calling method _**cardinality()**.

Reviewer: ditto

For column type **BYTES**, Pinot treats each value as a serialized HyperLogLogPlus Object with pre-aggregated values inside. The bytes value is generated by `org.apache.pinot.core.common.ObjectSerDeUtils.HYPER_LOG_LOG_PLUS_SER_DE.serialize(hyperLogLogPlus)`.

> All deserialized HyperLogLogPlus object will be merged into one then calling method _**cardinality()** to get the approximated unique count._

Reviewer: ditto
